README.md, before:

Metasploit [![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/943e398e619c09568f3f/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rapid7/metasploit-framework/maintainability) [![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/943e398e619c09568f3f/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rapid7/metasploit-framework/test_coverage) [![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/metasploitframework/metasploit-framework.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/metasploitframework/metasploit-framework/)
==
The Metasploit Framework is released under a BSD-style license. See
[COPYING](COPYING) for more details.

The latest version of this software is available from: https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/using-metasploit/getting-started/nightly-installers.html

You can find documentation on Metasploit and how to use it at:
 https://docs.metasploit.com/

Information about setting up a development environment can be found at:
 https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/development/get-started/setting-up-a-metasploit-development-environment.html

Our bug and feature request tracker can be found at:
 https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/issues

New bugs and feature requests should be directed to:
  https://r-7.co/MSF-BUGv1

API documentation for writing modules can be found at:
  https://docs.metasploit.com/api/

Questions and suggestions can be sent to: Freenode IRC channel or e-mail the metasploit-hackers mailing list

Installing
--

Generally, you should use [the free installer](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/using-metasploit/getting-started/nightly-installers.html),
which contains all of the dependencies and will get you up and running with a
few clicks. See the [Dev Environment Setup](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/development/get-started/setting-up-a-metasploit-development-environment.html) if
you'd like to deal with dependencies on your own.

Using Metasploit
--
Metasploit can do all sorts of things. The first thing you'll want to do
is start `msfconsole`, but after that, you'll probably be best served by
reading the basics of [using Metasploit](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/using-metasploit/basics/using-metasploit.html)
or [Metasploit Unleashed][unleashed].

Contributing
--
See the [Dev Environment Setup][devenv] guide on GitHub, which will
walk you through the whole process from installing all the
dependencies, to cloning the repository, and finally to submitting a
pull request. For slightly more information, see
[Contributing](https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).


[devenv]: https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/development/get-started/setting-up-a-metasploit-development-environment.html "Metasploit Development Environment Setup"
[unleashed]: https://www.offensive-security.com/metasploit-unleashed/ "Metasploit Unleashed"

Commit message:

main work
Signed-off-by: DeffreusTheda <thedadeffreus@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

# Metasploit fork by Deffreus :3

My main work here is `setup.sh`, tailored for any Fedora Linux aarch64 machine. Just modify the `dnf` line in the script according to your distro and bam!

Metasploit [![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/943e398e619c09568f3f/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rapid7/metasploit-framework/maintainability) [![Test Coverage](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/943e398e619c09568f3f/test_coverage)](https://codeclimate.com/github/rapid7/metasploit-framework/test_coverage) [![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/metasploitframework/metasploit-framework.svg)](https://hub.docker.com/r/metasploitframework/metasploit-framework/)
==
The Metasploit Framework is released under a BSD-style license. See
[COPYING](COPYING) for more details.

The latest version of this software is available from: https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/using-metasploit/getting-started/nightly-installers.html

You can find documentation on Metasploit and how to use it at:
 https://docs.metasploit.com/

Information about setting up a development environment can be found at:
 https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/development/get-started/setting-up-a-metasploit-development-environment.html

Our bug and feature request tracker can be found at:
 https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/issues

New bugs and feature requests should be directed to:
  https://r-7.co/MSF-BUGv1

API documentation for writing modules can be found at:
  https://docs.metasploit.com/api/

Questions and suggestions can be sent to: Freenode IRC channel or e-mail the metasploit-hackers mailing list

Installing
--

Generally, you should use [the free installer](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/using-metasploit/getting-started/nightly-installers.html),
which contains all of the dependencies and will get you up and running with a
few clicks. See the [Dev Environment Setup](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/development/get-started/setting-up-a-metasploit-development-environment.html) if
you'd like to deal with dependencies on your own.

Using Metasploit
--
Metasploit can do all sorts of things. The first thing you'll want to do
is start `msfconsole`, but after that, you'll probably be best served by
reading the basics of [using Metasploit](https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/using-metasploit/basics/using-metasploit.html)
or [Metasploit Unleashed][unleashed].

Contributing
--
See the [Dev Environment Setup][devenv] guide on GitHub, which will
walk you through the whole process from installing all the
dependencies, to cloning the repository, and finally to submitting a
pull request. For slightly more information, see
[Contributing](https://github.com/rapid7/metasploit-framework/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md).


[devenv]: https://docs.metasploit.com/docs/development/get-started/setting-up-a-metasploit-development-environment.html "Metasploit Development Environment Setup"
[unleashed]: https://www.offensive-security.com/metasploit-unleashed/ "Metasploit Unleashed"
